docs(mesh): add changelog for 1.9.2 (#4989)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/changelog.md

### Breaking changes and deprecations
Deprecated the Control Plane Token. It will be removed in a future release. You can use the Zone Token instead to authenticate the zone control plane.

## 1.9.2
> Released on **2022/12/06**

Built on top of [Kuma 1.8.2](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/releases/tag/1.8.2)

### Changes

> - Fix potential logging of secrets in kuma-cp
> - Fix KDS instability
> - Fix unnecessary CDS updates
> - Fix bug where OPA Agent stops returning valid decisions after KM CP crashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed potential logging of secrets in kuma-cp.
- Fixed KDS instability.
- Fixed unnecessary CDS updates.
- Fixed a bug where the OPA Agent stops returning valid decisions after KM CP crashes.
```
